fix:#1716 (#2077)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/enterprise_influxdb/v1.8/administration/config-data-nodes.md

Environment variable: `INFLUXDB_CONTINUOUS_QUERIES_LOG_ENABLED`

#### `query-stats-enabled = false`

> When set to true, continuous query execution statistics are written to the default monitor store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Write continuous query execution statistics to the default monitor store.
```
